# Australia

Throughout my life, I have taken my own safety for granted.
I have a safe home.
A safe family.
A safe school, which is only a fifteen minute walk away through a safe neighborhood.

The most dangerous animal I have ever seen in my life was a hippo.
Admittedly, it was at the zoo.
Around my house, I have never seen so much as a snake.

This morning was different.
My alarm went off as it normally did, so I groggily pressed the snooze button.
When I rolled over for five more minutes of precious sleep, I actually fell off my bed entirely.

Shocked, I looked up, only to see the blades of my own ceiling fan whirring right next to my face.
One wrong move, and I would have needed an ambulance!
I shimmied my way around it, only to realize that my entire world had been flipped-turned upside down,
And I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there,
I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called ...

Actually, where was I?

I looked toward the window, only to see an awfully large spider crawling around the outside.
As I looked further, I saw a snake on my lawn, and what looked like a large fire in the distance.
Worst, there were these incredibly muscular humanoid rabbits jumping all around and looking for a fight.

It was then that I realized I was no longer in the safety of my own, little bubble.
I was in the most dangerous place on Earth: Australia.

---

[Prompt: It's not every day you wake up on the ceiling.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/1jv3cck/wp_its_not_every_day_you_wake_up_on_the_ceiling/)
