# Hell's Administrator

The flow of time is often described as linear.
Seconds turn into minutes.
Minutes turn into hours.
Hours turn into days.
But there are certain near-universal experiences that contradict this notion.
At these times, a second could feel like an hour and hours can pass in the blink of an eye.

I found myself at a pier.
One I felt I knew, but had never been to before.
The waves.
The salt in the air.
The gentle current beneath my feet.
It felt calming.
Normal.
As if the rest of my life had run away without me.
I laid back, watching clouds drift across the sky.
And I blinked.

It was night.
The moon and the stars were out, watching me from above as I watched them from below.
I tried to find a few constellations but couldn't remember any of their names.
I found myself looking to my side, as if for a companion I never had.
Someone to chat with until the end of time and space.
Or at least until I blinked.

I was at a diner with pancakes and syrup.
There was another plate in front of me with eggs and bacon.
I guess whoever was eating it left.
Maybe to the bathroom?
Maybe we were on a date that went sour?
There was a sense of loneliness that I never felt before.
This person, whoever they were, was gone.
And I somehow felt it was my fault.

I blinked.
I was at home.
A home.
My home?
There was a snowstorm outside.
The wind was howling.
The fireplace was crackling, casting long shadows on the wall.
Beside the fireplace, there was a large, stagnant bucket of water.
There was also an broken clock on the mantle.

I was alone on the couch with a cup of hot cocoa in hand.
The wall acted as a canvas, showing an exact replica of everything in the room.
The lamp.
The chair.
The couch.
It was then that I noticed something odd.
There was not one shadow sitting on the couch, but two.

In that moment, I should have felt concern.
After all, that is the normal reaction to seeing the supernatural.
But, like the pier before, I felt only peace.
As if the shadow *should* be there and *I* was the intruder.

I blinked.
There was someone on the rocking chair across from me.
Not the shadow on the wall, someone else.
Someone with no shadow at all.

He was wearing a dark robe that obscured his face, but I could tell he was looking directly at me.
I couldn't quite figure out what was going on, but I blinked and he was still there.
I blinked again.
And again.
Every time, he was still there, staring at me.

Every blink made me more familiar with my surroundings.
I was not on *a* couch.
It was *my* couch.
I saw a copy of my favorite book on the table.
I heard my dog barking outside.
The shadow on the wall.
I knew him.

Then the man spoke.
He said, "You are special. I don't know why. I don't know how. But you are special."
He then looked to the wall and said, "He is special too."

The man continued,
"I've been here a long time. Longer than anyone, including myself, can remember. There has never been a pair like you, who have consistently found themselves wandering alone together."

He stood, stoking the flames in the fireplace for a few moments.
"On Earth. People wander aimlessly about their lives until they're snuffed out. Then they wander aimlessly here for the rest of eternity. That is the way it has always been."

He then threw the water onto the fire, filling the room with smoke and steam.
Somehow, though everything else in the world was obscured, I saw a person sitting next to me on the couch.
One I knew deeply and thoroughly.
Someone I couldn't believe I had forgotten.

We immediately hugged one another as the man spoke again,
"I have made many deals throughout my life. In almost every single one of them, I come out on top. This man has tricked me time and time again. All for one reason: to see you again."

"There is a single way to do this. Normally, people cannot pass between Hell and Earth. Demons, however, can. I will promote you to be a demon and my personal administrator here in Hell. This will allow the two of you to see each other whenever you want. It also means I will no longer need to make any more deals with this... thing." He then pointed to my husband.

"I will see you tomorrow. Don't be late."

I then blinked again and the man was gone. A black uniform was on the chair. My husband and I sat peace for the first time in what felt like an eternity.

Most importantly, the clock on the wall finally began to tick again.

---
[Prompt: You got promoted to Hell's Administrator](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/1jnx1cj/wp_you_got_promoted_to_hells_administrator/)
