# The Things I Can't See

Once I was out and about at midday --\
Absolutely normal in every way,\
But across a short alleyway, there was a niggle.\
A tendril. An arm thing? A little black wriggle.\
I can not describe it, except that I blinked,\
After that it was gone. Just completely extinct.\
So I sat there and thought, and I thought, and I thought.\
All while hoping to find some great myst'ry I sought.\
But it never came back. Well, at least not for me.\
While in bed, I did think about what it could be.\
But eventually I became overtaken.\
I dreamt an odd dream. I don't think I'm mistaken.

Across my small room, I saw shadows -- a creature!\
I could not quite tell each and every feature.\
A man who was hunched right against the far wall?\
A few kids? An old lass? Someone naturally small?\
It began a strange dance as it flickered around,\
Little hops left and right without making a sound.\
Very soon I was frozen by unnatural fear,\
And became quite alarmed as the object drew near.\
In an instant, it vanished, becoming a smudge.\
I then shouted while giving my lamp a quick nudge.\
In the light it was gone, like the alley before.\
For that night I was done. I could handle no more.

So I ran down the stairs and I turned on the TV.\
Just hoping that shadowy thing wouldn't see me.\
It worked, I suppose because hours flew by.\
To be frank, I was scared and I thought I would cry.\
Soon the screen turned to static. The windows were dark.\
I just kept looking out toward a large local park.\
As I stared all too deeply right into the void.\
All my senses were sharpened. I felt paranoid.\
"There is nothing. There's nothing." I said to myself,\
Then a figure appeared. It was next to my shelf.\
It was large. It was dark. It was human in form.\
At the time my heart stopped and my face felt quite warm.\
It took all of my power to hold back a scream.\
"It's a dream." I repeated. "A dream. It's a dream!"\

Then emboldened by logic, I took a quick stand,\
I approached it with small, awkward waves of my hand,\
But I stepped on a creak and it whipped right around.\
All my courage then left me and could not be found.\
In that moment, my body and soul seemed to split,\
All too strangely my eyes could not focus on it.\
It was faceless, opaque, with a glob for a head,\
It then gurgled (or howled?) while pulsing and said,\
"Little human, you're not the right one person I seek.\
But unfortunately, your near future is bleak.\
Only those with some power see me and my kin.\
You have no idea what kind of trouble you're in."

It then lurched and unfurled while limping at me,\
With new tenticles reaching like roots on a tree.\
In a panic, I screached all while toppling my chair,\
I then ran. But to where? Well, I tried not to care.\
Soon the floor felt like sand, and the walls were too small.\
I then launched for the door just beyond a short hall.\
I felt shortness of breath while I jiggled the knob.\
Everything was in silence, except my heart throb.\
Whether seconds or hours had passed, I lost track,\
But the door soon revealed a world, pitch black.\
No recourse. I then fled to the darkness' embrace,\
Behind me, a deep shout, "I enjoy a good race!"

Ev'ry step. Ev'ry breath. Ev'ry beat of my heart.\
I felt hot molten lava through my ev'ry part.\
I was frantic, brain static. All thinking was hard,\
But I said to myself that I know my own yard.\
"I'll just get to the park and then call for some help."\
But when looking straight forward, I let out a yelp.\
On the bound'ry between swaying grass and night sky,\
I saw something odd moving that felt quite awry.\
At first glance, it appeared as peculiar rubble,\
Amorphous black goop with a weirdly shaped bubble.\
Again and again some more bubbles appeared.\
Ev'ry one of them creatures. Far worse than I feared.\
Yet I could not retreat now, no matter the cost.\
For my home -- no my sanctuary was now lost.\
As I curved through some trees, I heard something behind,\
From my house, a loud thunder from one of their kind:\
"My dear brothers, don't hunt! I will have my own fun,\
For tonight we shall feast. You must wait 'till I'm done!"

Soon a crack and a cackle erupted around,\
It was cruel. A chaotic, cacophonous sound.\
All the shadows then vanished as if in assent.\
In that instant, I knew what the noise must have meant:\
That the creature -- my creature had left me his mark.\
He would hunt me alone, so my future was stark.\
All too soon there was nothing. No voices. No light.\
I just had to keep running with no way to fight.\
There was rustling and howling with noise all around,\
Yet it all felt so distant, as if I had drowned.\
With dispair in the air, I let fear take the lead,\
Every movement was primal, I would not concede!\
*I just have to survive.** That was all I could think,\
So I kept clawing forward or else I would sink.\

Then from deep in the forest, a whisper. A pout?\
It was simple and soft, yet as loud as a shout.\
It had caused me to jump and break out of my trance,\
So I swiveled while running in some sort of dance.\
I kept trying to locate the sound that I heard.\
There was no one. I thought, "Look, this is absurd!\
Why would anyone else be around? It's so late.\
But then maybe this meeting means more... It is fate."

I then heard it again. A short plea so distinct,\
That my body leapt forward and followed instinct.\
I then ducked through some branches and weaved through the trees.\
I was still being stalked so I didn't dare freeze.\
Then a clearing appeared with a bench and a slide,\
And what looked like a figure, just sitting beside.\
I then paused, breathing hard. *What if this is a trap?*\
There was no time to think, so I gave her a tap.\
She then leapt all while crying and crawling away,\
"Please don't hunt me. I just want to live through the day."\

So I knelt down and whispered, "Hey, wait. I'm a friend.\
Please just come with me now so we don't meet our end."

She then looked right at me, her face painted in fear.\
She was frozen while thinking and let me draw near.\
It was dark at the time and I couldn't see much.\
There was something about her that gave me a hunch.\
A strange feeling I felt way deep down in my core.\
So I then had to ask, "Have I met you before?"\

Though in imminent danger, the world seemed to stop.\
We just studied each other from bottom to top.
She had eyes of deep blue and her hair was light brown,\
At the time, she had pursed her lips into a frown.\
Yet her juxtaposition was truly a sight.\
She appeared as an angel amid a dark night.\
As I looked even longer, my vision soon blurred,\
Like my brain turned to goo while my thoughts were all stirred.\

In a flash, my head split and my body collapsed.\
There is no way to know how much time had elapsed.\
I awoke to her tear sliding down my right cheek,\
With my head in her lap. She said, "This looks quite bleak,\
We'll get through this somehow. We just have to. We will.\
Please just calm down. Relax. We'll stay silent. Be still."

In that moment, her hand on my head and her voice...\
Everything felt so calming. I made a bold choice.\
I said, "OK. Let's do this. Let's think of a plan.\
I will promise to do anything that I can."\
I then saw something odd. A faint aura? A glow?\
A translucent white mist that continued to grow,\
And then covered her body from head to her toe,\
Quite perplexed, I then asked, "What is that? Do you know?"\

"What is what?" she responded, as if unaware.\

I said, "Maybe it's nothing" and tried not to stare.\
But it irked me quite deeply. I started to wonder,\
If talking to her was a possible blunder.\
I didn't know her, and she didn't know me.\
In the end, we were strange as two strangers could be.\
Yet that strangeness bred closeness. I felt a connection.\
She pointed. No question. I followed direction.\
We crawled a short distance right into a playhouse,\
Collectively sighed, slightly sheltered from chaos.

We whispered and analyzed our situation.\
It wasn't too long until her short narration.\
"It knows where we are. We can't hide. We can't fight.\
So to me, our best option has got to be flight.\
We must run and keep running as fast as we can.\
But it could come from anywhere. We need a plan."
There is something I think we both know to be true,\
That we cannot get caught. It wants me. It wants you."

At that moment, we paused and both thought the same thought.\
Were the creatures we ran from the same? Maybe not?\
And if not, then just how many creatures were there?\
At that moment I noticed her gaze. A deep stare.\
It went right past my eyes and straight into my soul.\
All her aura extinguished and now just a coal.\
We could run from just one. Maybe two, but not more.\
Yet we knew there were many. We heard them before.\
So we sat there in silence both shoulder to shoulder.\
No plans left to plan. We got colder and colder.

The moment of respite was quickly destroyed,\
For from deep in the forest, a voice quite annoyed,\
"You can't hide for much longer. I know you are here.\
Who is that you are with? A pair huddled in fear...\
It's no matter for me. Just one more for the feast.\
She does look to be tasty -- a snack at the least!"\
I then saw it appear from the edge of the park,\
An odd smudge. A long shadow. A figure, quite dark.\
Now distorted, opaque, and much larger in size,\
It was cutting through silence with gutteral cries.

So I looked toward my friend and then tugged on her hand.\
I said, "Come with me. Right now, I need you to stand.\
We have no time to think. We have no time to rest.\
We'll get through this together. Our final grand test."\

She was still and unmoving. I pulled and I pulled,\
But her paralyzed glare was both icy and cold.\
She said, "Hey. There's no doubt that we're hopeless and late.\
Maybe now it is time to accept our grim fate."\
She then stared at the creature, now so very close.\
We could see it quite clearly, all gooey and gross.\
Its new body was buldging with odd extra legs,\
And it smelled truly awful, like old rotten eggs.\
As I studied it close, I saw more than before.\
Its translucent, dark skin showed a red glowing core.

All my thoughts seemed to scatter. I lost my own mind.\
I then sought an escape. Any help I could find.\
Yet my eyes could not focus on any one thing,\
Time had frozen and panic then reigned as my king.\
So with little recourse, I just stared at the sky.\
With my heart indicating the time passing by.\
I was drowning on shore with the waves hitting me,\
So I offered the heavens a desperate plea:\
"To a god or a goddess who's up there right now,\
We could really use help in some way or somehow.\
I don't know what we want -- What we need at our core.\
For we need a great miracle... Or something more!\
If you hear me right now, please just send us your best,\
Maybe give me a plan and I'll do all the rest!"

!!! note "later"
    Make a full constellation shine in different colors.
    like, red, green, blue, each one with a tone (sound).
    Something resonating in his / her ears that no one else can hear

And in that split-second, I saw a star shine.\
It really felt like it gave me a sign.\
At the same time, I looked back at my friend.\
She was still whispering, "This is the end."\
Yet even while curled up in a tight ball,\
Her aura unfurled, standing very tall.\
The mist had grown so impressively bright.\
She was the most intense of all the light.

Seeing this, the creature stepped back, quite meek,\
"That's her!" It growled, "The person I seek!\
She has awoken! Brothers, let us fight!\
I swear we'll be victorious this night!"

The cries from the forest returned, quite loud,\
Shadow after shadow became a crowd.\
We were surrounded with nowhere to go,\
I had nothing. We had reached a new low.\
Just one of the creatures would be too much,\
Yet here there were dozens, hundreds as such!\
Frantic, confused, I lost all of my hope.\
I curled myself on the ground to cope.\
My friend was silent in her bright cacoon.\
Everything was bleak. They would attack soon.

My mind kept buzzing. Turning and turning.\
There was a thought. A little concerning,
"These creatures are strong. Much stronger than us.\
Yet they stand far away, making a fuss.\
But what, exactly, are they waiting for?\
We are cornered. They couldn't ask for more.\
Is this person -- the girl I have just met,\
Something quite special, causing them to fret?"

While I mulled over that interesting thought,\
The monsters began to chant, the whole lot.\
"That magi has power for us to take!\
Now is the time. We all know what's at stake!\
She's a young fledgling away from her flock.\
Her wings will soon sprout. We must race the clock!"

Then there was a roar, deafening in size,\
The shadows all grew and began to rise,\
In moments they launched together as one,\
Nefarious creatures all on the run.\
They were ravage -- savage -- yet filled with glee.\
They were stretching, coiling, limping at me.\
That moment I knew there was no way out,\
So I turned to my friend and gave a shout.\
"Hey, listen. You really are a stranger,\
Yet even so, I don't want you in danger.\
If you can hear me while wrapped in that cloak,\
Do something. Anything. Give me a poke."

At this point her aura had grown so bright,\
My eyes could not focus on all the light.\
Yet I then felt something touch my left hand,\
I seemed to reach her in some distant land.\
Her fingers quickly entertwined with mine.\
It was calming for me. *We might be fine*.\
From our palms appeared a small orb of light.\
It quickly grew into a shield of white.\
Soon we were covered by spherical glass.\
It extended far out into the grass.\
It was opaque, blocking everything else.\
*I guess we are stuck until the frost melts."

Just moments before, I was filled with dread.\
I really thought we were soon to be dead.\
Yet there in the bubble, the world was still.\
I just felt nothing. No goodness or ill.\
It was me and my friend. There all alone.\
We were together to fight the unknown.\
Though she no longer shone, she was asleep.\
Her clothes had vanished. I felt like a creep.\
I then looked away with an awkward cough.\
*There's something about this that feels so off.\
I might be in a place I shouldn't be.\
I need to think about how to get free.*\

There in that moment, I heard a strange thump.\
*A beat from my heart that caused me to jump?\
No. That's impossible. It makes no sense.\
The noise was too loud. Way too intense.*\
I then saw a smudge against the sphere's edge.\
I took a deep breath and muttered a pledge,\
"We've gotten pretty stuck here, you and me.\
Yet we need each other, as you can see.\
By some miracle, you saved us just now.\
So I'll save us too in someway somehow.\
Like I said, I'll do whatever it takes.\
We need to tread lightly. Make no mistakes."

Again a thump. Another. Another.\
My lungs began to suffocate. Smother.\
With every beat came another small smear,\
Each one revealing the night so clear.\
Every smudge was a hand. A paw. A claw.\
All windows outside to a scene so raw.\
The horde had closed in. I heard muffled cries.\
They were swarming around like hungry flies.\

With a thump came the stars. Another, land.\
I saw an odd something next to the sand.\
A body -- my body -- with clothes to match,\
It lay on the ground with hardly a scratch.\
It was still obscured by the sphere's white shell,\
But how it was there, I could hardly tell.\
*This must be a trick. A devious plot.\
An illusion to have one of us caught.*\
From where I was, I couldn't see it's face.\
I shouldn't have looked, no matter the case.\
And yet, intrigued, I took a step forward.\
Still with my friend's hand, I tugged her toward.\
She wouldn't budge and her grip was quite strong.\
As I looked outside, I saw something wrong.\
A head on my body, looking at me.\
Yet it wasn't my face. It couldn't be.\
It's eyes were deep blue. It's hair was jet black.\
I couldn't help but be taken aback.\
I shrieked and watched as it mimicked my fall.\
The reflection was hers. Not mine at all.\
I looked to my friend. She was not awake.\
*Get it together. You know what's at stake!*

Suddenly, there was a new thump and smear.\
A claw that made another face appear.\
One that I knew, but still hadn't seen.\
It was of my creature, gruesome and mean.\
It's eyes glowed red. It wore a toothy grin.\
Black liquid oozed from the tip of it's chin.\
And yet it paused while looking at us both,\
It's brows furrowed before shouting an oath.\
"Here we are many and you are alone.\
It doesn't matter if you have a clone.\
This shield will break, and then we will win.\
We will rip you to shreds once we are in."

It then roared and shouted, looking away,\
It took a step back and began to say,\
"Ignore the corpse. Go straight for the girl.\
She's who we're after. Our present. Our pearl.\
We are almost there. The egg will soon break!\

Ignore that other one. Go for the girl.\




This face I knew, but it still wasn't mine.\


So rather than move, I craned my neck long.\
I tried and I tried, I still couldn't see.\
I wriggled, jiggled, but couldn't get free.

I saw something wrong...




A body distinct from the ugly lot,\

He looks towards a still opaque part of the bubble and sees reflection of Anne.
The hand then smears off the paint, revealing his face and then the face of his creature.


"This bubble she's in is just a disguise!\






I controlled my breathing and took a step.\

I mustered my courage and took a step.\



He walks towards the glass, but is held back.
He feels the dirt against his feet.
Another thump.


My eyes were adjusting
I saw it outside. Something disgusting.
The horde had closed in and stood just outside.\

from the glass, a disconcerting sound.\
A thump from a creatures mighty pound.

A rumble. A mumble. A muffled cry,
"We were too late, but we can still win!"

I'm invading somewhere I shouldn't be.

The thump / heartbeat.
The message from "god"
Maybe her memories appear on the surface of the bubble?

he gets used to the bubble and can see outside.
There's a body there that he identifies as his.
He sees his reflection and doesn't see himself.
Arrow.

Looking around, I saw my friend again.\
o

I saw a person reflected in the glass.
Yet it wasn't my face, but hers.





Though blinding at first, my eyes adjusted,\
When looking out, I became disgusted.

o

But then I felt nothing. No fear. No hope.




Just a moment before, 

A bubble appeared as an orb of light shield of white,\

Charge.
Bubble (sbh -- muffled cries from the creatures outside).
Star.
Arrow (misunderstood as a threat).


Yet in that moment, a bubble appeared,\



My only companion, ....
Frantic and confused, I turned toward my friend,\


The creature had soon drawn a heinnous crowd.\

My friend's light condensed to a single point,\
My friend's light dimmed, she became a cacoon,\






"No. We can make it. We just need to go!\





"This is it. We've been found. We can't escape.\
shape...


She did not move. She was rooted in place,\
I could not overcome the fear on her face.


We could not run. She would give us away,\

We huffed and we puffed and we ran away.\

At this point, her aura had grown so bright,\
So much that it nearly blinded my sight.\

I leapt into action, grabbing my friend,











A flight yet fight


against better judgement, I followed instinct.\
My body ran towards her on pure instinct.\

Adrenaline surging, I perked my ears.\
Listening closely for another's tears.\


My body then moved without second thought.\
Split second to chase after her.\


1. Arrow pierces the heart while fleeing from the creature
2. Hes still dead
3. He finds Anne





What were these things that were haunting me so?\
I could not tell. I decided to go.\
I didn't know where. I didn't know why.\
I was soon out in the open night sky.\
I took my knife. My gun. My trusty coat.\
But honestly, there was nothing to note.\
No more shadows, smudges. Nothing to see.\
Nothing to figure out what these could be.

Then next to the moon, a saw a bright light.
It looked like a blue star caught in mid flight.
I watched it for a bit. It grew and grew.
It's light unveiled this horrid black goo.
Ghastly creatures wandering all around.
I guess I had luck. I had not been found.


I then fell back in fear with a shout.


The being then unfurled 


Maybe a nightmare. I felt quite dismayed.
My mind conjured 
at whatever my 

The pondering made my eyes grow heavy.

A tenticle? No. Not in broad daylight.
A
Maybe a plant? A cloth? A  A kite?


Hoping that again it could be caught.
I was wrong. I didn't see it again.




No way I'd return to being a man.
